Docs: Improve Conduit documentation. (#1371)
algorand/indexer: docs/conduit/WritingTxnsToFile.md

> ## Writing Transactions to Files Using Conduit

Reviewer: Do you think we should have a tutorials directory?

Author: Probably, I have a couple of other write ups that I'm working on that would be "tutorials" I guess.

we can again use the list command. For example, `conduit list exporters file_writer` returns
```
name: "file_writer"
config:
  # BlocksDir is an optional path to a directory where block data will be
  # stored. The directory is created if it doesn't exist. If not present the
  # plugin data directory is used.
  block-dir: "/path/to/block/files"
  # FilenamePattern is the format used to write block files. It uses go
  # string formatting and should accept one number for the round.
  # If the file has a '.gz' extension, blocks will be gzipped.
  # Default: "%[1]d_block.json"
  filename-pattern: "%[1]d_block.json"
  # DropCertificate is used to remove the vote certificate from the block data before writing files.
  drop-certificate: true
```

## Setting Up Our Pipeline

Let's start assembling a configuration file which describes our conduit pipeline. For that we'll use the `conduit init`
command. This will create a configuration directory if we don't provide one to it, and write a skeleton config file
there which we will use as the starting point for our pipeline. Here is the config file we currently have:
```yaml

> # Generated conduit configuration file.
> 
> # The importer is typically an algod archival instance.
> importer:
>     name: algod
>     config:
>       netaddr: "your algod address here"
>       token: "your algod token here"
> 
> # One or more processors may be defined to manipulate what data
> # reaches the exporter.
> processors:
> 
> # An exporter is defined to do something with the data.
> # Here the filewriter is defined which writes the raw block
> # data to files.
> exporter:
>     name: file_writer
>     config:
>       block-dir: "path where data should be written"

Reviewer: I changed this slightly in https://github.com/algorand/indexer/pull/1376
```suggestion
# Generated conduit configuration file.
log-level: INFO

# When enabled prometheus metrics are available on '/metrics'
metrics:
  mode: OFF
  addr: ":9999"
  prefix: "conduit"

# The importer is typically an algod archival instance.
importer:
    name: algod
    config:
        netaddr: "your algod address here"
        token: "your algod token here"

# One or more processors may be defined to manipulate what data
# reaches the exporter.
processors:

# An exporter is defined to do something with the data.
# Here the filewriter is defined which writes the raw block
# data to files.
exporter:
    name: file_writer
    config:
        # optionally provide a different directory to store blocks.
        #block-dir: "path where data should be written"
```

```
## Setting up our Importer

> We can see the specific set of plugins defined for our pipeline--an `algod` importer, and `filewriter` exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can see the specific set of plugins defined for our pipeline--an `algod` importer, and `file_writer` exporter.
```

The processor section in our generated config is empty, so we'll need to fill in that section with the proper data
for the filter processor. We can paste in the output of our list command for that.
```yaml
name: filter_processor
config:
  # Filters is a list of boolean expressions that can search the payset transactions.
  # See README for more info.
  filters:
    - any:
      - tag: txn.rcv
        expression-type: exact
        expression: "ADDRESS"
```
Since conduit allows us to have multiple processors, we need to ensure that this is part of a list under the processors
key. The filter processor uses the tag of a property and allows us to specify an exact value to match or a regex.
For our use case we'll grab the address of a wallet I've created on testnet, `NVCAFYNKJL2NGAIZHWLIKI6HGMTLYXL7BXPBO7NXX4A7GMMWKNFKFKDKP4`.

That should give us exactly what we want, a filter that only allows transaction through for which the receiver is my
account. However, there is a lot more you can do with the filter processor. To learn more about the possible uses, take
a look at the individual plugin documentation [here](./plugins/filter_processor.md).

## Setting up our Exporter

> For the exporter the setup is simple. I'll set the directory output of my blocks to a temporary directory,
> `block-dir: "/tmp/conduit-blocks/"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the exporter the setup is simple. No configuration is necessary because it defaults to a directory inside the conduit data directory.
```

## Running the pipeline
Now we should have a fully valid config, so let's try it out. Here's the full config I ended up with
(with comments removed)
```yaml
log-level: "INFO"
importer:
    name: algod
    config:
      netaddr: "http://127.0.0.1:8080"
      token: "e36c01fc77e490f23e61899c0c22c6390d0fff1443af2c95d056dc5ce4e61302"
processors:
  name: filter_processor
  config:
    filters:
      - any:
       - tag: txn.rcv
         expression-type: exact
         expression: "NVCAFYNKJL2NGAIZHWLIKI6HGMTLYXL7BXPBO7NXX4A7GMMWKNFKFKDKP4"
exporter:
    name: file_writer
    config:
      block-dir: "/tmp/conduit-blocks/"
```

There are two things to address before our example becomes useful.
1. We need to get a payment transaction to our account.
For me, it's easiest to use the testnet dispenser, so I've done that. You can look at my transaction for yourself,
block #26141781 on testnet.
2. Skip rounds
To avoid having to run algod all the way from genesis to the most recent round, you can use catchpoint catchup to
fast-forward to a more recent block. Similarly, we want to be able to run Conduit pipelines from whichever round is
most relevant and useful for us.

> To run conduit from a round other than 0, use the `-r` flag. Here's my command,

Reviewer: I don't feel strongly about this one. Generally for documentation I usually prefer to use the long form of commands:
```suggestion
To run conduit from a round other than 0, use the `--next-round-override` or `-r` flag. Here's my command,
```
